Update kotlin-android-destination-filters.md (#6269)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/mobile/kotlin-android/kotlin-android-destination-filters.md

  ```java
    analytics.add(DestinationFilters())
  ```

> 3. Enable Destination Filters toggle in Segment workspace: navigate to the Android source, click "Settings" and select "Advanced".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Enable Destination Filters in your Segment workspace by navigating to your Android source > Settings > Advanced and turning on the Destination Filters toggle. 
```
